1. What affected me the most was fundamentals. He discussed about doing things wrong, but always going back to the fundamentals. This coincides with feedback. When you see yourself doing something badly, and no one says anything, you are not getting help. However, being able to take constructive criticism and learn from it, is way more helpful to your work and your growth.
I identified with his messages, with one of the most important ones being work hard. Especially since we have been talking about growth mindset, where you can change anything if you work hard. I am a firm believer that by working hard you can accomplish almost everything, which is where his other message of 'luck- where opportunity meets preparation.

2. My results from the mindset quiz was that I had a strong growth mindset. I do have a different perspective on mindsets now, especially because I didn't realize how much a fixed mindset could affect you. Ever since learning about mindsets, now I am starting to connect the dots for some people I know. These people I am talking about in particular, have a bad outlook on life, they usually believe they are stupid and won't be successful. However, they just need to expand their mindset to a growth mindset. I believe my shift in perspective about mindsets will affect my outlook moving forward. Especially, entering the workforce, I have been nervous about it, and when I apply to jobs I have imposter syndrome. Yet, since I do have a growth mindset, that can continue to grow, I know I will be just fine at any role because I am willing to learn and change. 


3.Overall, my learning style was a mixture of all 3 styles, with a percentage leaning slightly towards tactile. I do think learning styles affect how we learn, and that's why I think its very important to know your own learning style. For example, you could spend hours reading about how to code, yet if your a tactile learner, you would be wasting your time. Instead, you could read and then practice coding, which would be very productive. In conclusion, you could save yourself a lot of time if you knew your learning style because it does affect how we learn.
